=Customization=

==Shortcut key setting==

===Excel===

1. Exit Excel.

2. Set the value of ShortcutKeyOnOff key to 1 in [ShortcutKey] section of excelsvn.ini that is copied in installing.
{{{
[ShortcutKey]
ShortcutKeyOnOff=1
}}}

3. Edit the parts that assign shortcut keys to SVN commands depending on your needs.
{{{
Update="+^{u}"
Commit="+^{i}"
Diff="+^{d}"
RepoBrowser="+^{w}"
Log="+^{l}"
Lock="+^{k}"
Unlock="+^{n}"
Add="+^{a}"
Explorer="+^{e}"
}}}

"+" means Shift key and "^" means Ctrl key. The alphabet that is braced by {} means the alphabet key. In the above example, Update command is performed when the "Shift" key, "Ctrl" key and "u" keys are pressed at the same time.

Refer to [dev_ExcelOnKey] about key notation.

If you don't wish to assign some shortcut keys, remove them or comment them out. Insert the ";" at the top of the line to comment it out.

 (Example) In the case that disable the shortcut key for Update command.
{{{
;Update="+^{u}"
}}}

4. Start Excel and confirm that shortcut keys work.

===Word===

1. Exit Word.

2. Set the value of ShortcutKeyOnOff key to 1, and the value of Registered key to 0 in [ShortcutKey] section of wordsvn.ini that is copied in installing.
{{{
[ShortcutKey]
ShortcutKeyOnOff=1
Registered=0
}}}

3. Edit the parts that assign shortcut keys to SVN commands depending on your needs.
{{{
;Shift+Ctrl+u
Update1=256
Update2=512
Update3=85

;Shift+Ctrl+i
Commit1=256
Commit2=512
Commit3=73

(snip)
}}}

Assign shortcut key codes to <Command Name><No.> keys.

 (Example) In the above example, Update command is performed when the "Shift" key, "Ctrl" key and "u" keys are pressed at the same time.
|| Key || Key code ||
|| Shift || 256 ||
|| Ctrl || 512 ||
|| u || 85 ||

Refer to [dev_WordKeyCode] about key code.

If you don't wish to assign some shortcut keys, remove them or comment them out. Insert the ";" at the top of the line to comment it out.

 (Example) In the case that disable the shortcut key for Update command.
{{{
;Shift+Ctrl+u
;Update1=256
;Update2=512
;Update3=85
}}}

4. Start Word and confirm that shortcut keys work.

5. If you wish to change the shortcut key assignment furthermore, make sure to set the value of Registered key to 0 in [ShortcutKey] section of wordsvn.ini before you start Word. The value of Registered key is set to 1 when you start Word and shortcut key assignment is registered. If the value is not 0, The shortcut key assignment is not registered when you start Word.

==Clear the shortcut key assignment==

===Excel===

1. Exit Excel.

2. Set the value of ShortcutKeyOnOff key to 0 in [ShortcutKey] section of excelsvn.ini that is copied in installing.
{{{
[ShortcutKey]
ShortcutKeyOnOff=0
}}}

3. Start Excel and confirm that shortcut keys are disabled or originally assigned functions are invoked.

===Word===

1. Exit Word.

2. Set the value of ShortcutKeyOnOff key to 0, and the value of Registered key to 0 in [ShortcutKey] section of wordsvn.ini that is copied in installing.

{{{
[ShortcutKey]
ShortcutKeyOnOff=0
Registered=0
}}}

3. Start Word and confirm that shortcut keys are disabled or originally assigned functions are invoked.

==Option Setting==

===Turn on/off displaying a message asking data file saving in performing commands===

====Excel====

1. Set the value of DispAskSaveModMsg key in [Configuration] section of excelsvn.ini.
|| The value of DispAskSaveModMsg key || Description ||
|| 0 || Not display a message ||
|| 1 || Display a message ||

{{{
[Configuration]
DispAskSaveModMsg=1
}}}

====Word====

Set up wordsvn.ini as in the case of Excel.

==Turn on/off closing and reopening the data file in performing commit command==

====Excel====

1. Set the value of CiCloseReopenFile key in [Configuration] section of excelsvn.ini.
|| The value of CiCloseReopenFile key || Description ||
|| 0 || Not close and reopen the data file in performing commit ||
|| 1 || Close and reopen the data file in performing commit ||
|| 2 || Close and reopen the data file that has svn:needs-lock property in performing commit, and not do that for the data file that has no svn:needs-lock property ||

FileNameCharEncoding key is used by add-in when the following value is set.
{{{
CiCloseReopenFile=2
}}}

If you wish to use a language other than "iso-8859-1"(Western European) for the data file name, try to set the character set value to FileNameCharEncoding key. (Sorry, I'm not sure wether they realy work or not.)

|| big5 ||
|| euc-jp ||
|| euc-kr ||
|| gb2312 ||
|| iso-2022-jp ||
|| iso-2022-kr ||
|| iso-8859-1 ||
|| iso-8859-2 ||
|| iso-8859-3 ||
|| iso-8859-4 ||
|| iso-8859-5 ||
|| iso-8859-6 ||
|| iso-8859-7 ||
|| iso-8859-8 ||
|| iso-8859-9 ||
|| koi8-r ||
|| shift-jis ||
|| us-ascii ||
|| utf-7 ||
|| utf-8 ||

Refer to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_encoding about character set values.

{{{
[Configuration]
FileNameCharEncoding="iso-8859-1"
CiCloseReopenFile=0
}}}

====Word====

Set up wordsvn.ini as in the case of Excel.

===Turn on/off auto closing of the progress dialog box in the end of performing [SVN Update], [SVN Commit]===

====Excel====

Set the value of CiAutoCloseProgressDlg key in [Configuration] section of excelsvn.ini.

|| The value of CiAutoCloseProgressDlg key || Description ||
|| 0 || don't close the dialog automatically ||
|| 1 || auto close if no errors ||
|| 2 || auto close if no errors and conflicts ||
|| 3 || auto close if no errors, conflicts and merges ||
|| 4 || auto close if no errors, conflicts and merges for local operations ||

{{{
[Configuration]
CiAutoCloseProgressDlg=3
}}}

====Word====

Set up wordsvn.ini as in the case of Excel.

