=Microsoft Office VBA Add-In that invokes TortoiseSVN commands=

I thought that it was convenient if I could control the version of Word and Excel data files while I edit them. So, I had been looking for such programs and had found the followings.

Excel

http://dkiroku.com/2005-07-01-11.html

Word

http://www.nekoconeko.com/~nagamori/wordsvn/

But, these programs work not well on MS-Office97 SR2 that I use and they don't support lock functions. Lock functions are required when you share and edit binary data files in cooperation with others. So, I modified them.

==Look==

It looks like followings.
Each commands can be invoked from the menu and the command bar.

  Word97 SR2
<NO IMAGE>

  Excel97 SR2
<NO IMAGE>

  Word2007
<NO IMAGE>

  Excel2007
<NO IMAGE>

==Operating Environment==

I guess that the add-ins work on the following environment.

 * Windows OS where WSH is installed.
 * Microsoft Office97 to Office2007
 * TortoiseSVN must be installed.

I tested on the following environment.

 * Windows XP Professional
 * Office97 SR2, Office2007
 * TortoiseSVN 1.4.7

==Installation and Uninstallation==

Please refer to [Install Installation/Uninstallation Page].

==Functional Overview==

The add-ins can apply the following commands to the active workbook and document.

 * SVN Update
 * SVN Get lock
 * SVN Commit
 * SVN Diff
 * SVN Show log
 * SVN Repo-browser
 * SVN Release lock
 * SVN Add
 * Open Explorer

In the case of [SVN Update], [SVN Get lock], [SVN Commit], once the active document or book is closed, and the TortoiseSVN command is applied to it, and reopen it after.

[Open Explorer] command open Explorer with selecting the active document or book, so you can use the other commands quickly that can't be invoked from the add-ins.

==Merit and Demerit==

Merit

 * It's take some time that you open and change the active application to Explorer and find and select the editing file and apply the TortoiseSVN command to it. This add-in helps that operation.

